Welcome, everyone. Again, we are strengthening our visual motivation of the dual and the abracation
.
At the same time, then vastness, motivation of the body.
And then, beauty, realization and understanding. Those are all activated, and then, we reflect
again, teaching.
And then, teaching of Dzogchen by the great Master, His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche.
Today, we're going to concolate, well, this morning, we're going to concolate this, we've completed
now, very, very, and so on, uncompleted.
Now, you will note, again, the last three, His Holiness Law, and then it goes, and that is, which
is, is, is, is there additional practices on the, His Holiness here, I like it.
And in the Vedayana practices, in the Tantra practices, always, imagine, like, pre-principled
practices, those are known as Guru, Jeddam, and Dakinis.
Oh, Guru, Jeddis, and Dakini, again, practices, those are, those are, that can't encompass entirely
teachings of the Vedayana or all the Tantra teachings.
Teachings are teachings on the Guru, teachings on the Diti, teachings on the Dakinis. So that is
what, so it is very, very important.
And also, that is same as the Buddha, Dharma, Sanghas. Sangha, and Guru represents the Buddha, and
the Diti represents Dharma, and Dakini represents Sanghas.
So that way, and His Holiness Nation, India, and the Gurus, as Guru, Guru Yoga practices, that is,
I like it.
So here, at, here, last teaching here, said, he said, practicing by the Vedic Raya will remove the
obstacles of these lives.
So that means, he removes the obstacles. What kind of obstacles?
The obstacles are known as, the other day I make it, poor demons.
Demon of the emotions, demon of the aggregate, demon of the death, demon of the distractions.
Poor demon, demon of the pleasures. That, poor, it will destroy, it will remove.
When you remove those poor demons, what we are going to achieve? We are going to achieve Buddhahood
, or we are going to discover our innate nature.
Jockey nature, exactly as it is. So it will proliferate. This is also a practice of these Vedic Ray
a practices, as well as Chhuma.
Next one is Chhuma. This practice is a particular, also a practice that this, His Holiness gave
this particular teaching through the monk Ishirabsa.
Ishirabsa, that is him, which is mentioned here, here, here, and so, he is also a part of the
practice.
That's why he is encouraging to keep, control of those practices, along with Jockey practices.
Here, this Ishirabsa is translated, then, here, Ishirabsa. So really, this is what Ishirabsa has,
his personal practices.
Guru practices, and Yadav practice as Vedyakala here, and Chhuma, all here, how he is only
translated here, great mother Chhuma.
That was his practices. And in the Dharmapala, Mahakala, he practices, but that is just a principle
, highlight of Dharmapala, along with the Bhamma Ekachati and other Dharmapala practices.
So that's what, here, he liked that. So now I'm making really about the obstacles. Obstacles, these
four demons.
Demon, the obstacle, or the demon, is not something that many individual will be thinking, is
something outside, standing and strangely looking, that is making obstacles.
Maybe there is some invisible things like that, could be, but the most powerful, the most powerful,
and the strong, making trouble all the time.
That means, throughout the lifetimes, that obstacle, that demon, that four demon, what are measured
, measured, and demon of the negative emotions.
That started, negative emotion is gross level. Negative emotions, what are those negative emotions?
Those again, gracious teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni, metaphor to explain over this how that there were
fours, three fours, five fours, and those three fours are ignorance, attachment, anger.
That ignorance is demon. Attachment is demon. Anger is demon. Then it took it with the combination
of that is multiplying negative emotions, known as arrogance, is demon.
Jealous is demon. Then the combination of those five things, there is so many negative emotions,
igniting that one after another. There are the demons.
And where it started? Again, demon of grasping, demon of ego cling. Those are the biggest, the most
powerful, and the continuing trouble matters.
That means, all the lifetimes, it's not just once in a while, or occasionally making trouble.
Constantly making troubles, troubles of the happiness, peace, and joy in the samsara, troubles to
achieve the Buddhahood, or permanent enlightenment.
They block the room. So that is tea. Then aggregates, aggregates are generally all the five aggreg
ates. They are every skillfully used in these aggregates, they are weaker, weaker to get
enlightenment or to benefit the others.
But most of the time, we don't use, or we sentence based don't use, we misused, misusing our
aggregate, our precious human lives.
We misused, creating more difficulty in troubles, to ourselves, to others. It's nothing is enough
for the aggregates.
Whatever we do, it's always something. Goes on and on. Goes on and on.
And then because we get so many negative emotions, or activated negative emotions, trying to make a
place to help the aggregates.
We do so many times. Therefore, also the creative teacher, Buddha name, they are tabomak, if we don
't use right way. So it's like demon.
Then because we love ourselves so much, we care so much our dear ones and our loved ones, but it's
not going to stay like that.
Death, demon of death is going to disturb. Continue, it's disturbing.
It disturbs all the harmony, the peace, enjoyment, little bit cut with a window of light in the s
amsara.
It smashes, tugged with it and it brings all that, not just that Kim, there's sickness and troubles
, all that Kim.
Come back in his brain like horizons. It brings all different things and then boom, that happens.
So therefore, it is trouble matter. It is a trouble. If we don't use the right way, it matches
trouble.
For that reason, what did the teaching say? Like we don't use the right way of our precious life or
the aggregate.
It is ragging down us through the heavies that come, that if you really drag us off, all the time,
not just happen once and why, but constantly it does.
Again, we must use it. Unscarefully, we can't relate.
Spend time with the aggregates and spoil. That's what it's called.
Then everything is quite okay and good. Then the demon of the pleasures.
We are so attached, we are so clingy to all the pleasures, objects of the senses.
Senses, always cry away, cry away, cry away. Even we've got something that still is not enough and
then we make so much trouble.
To ourselves, to the others. Then it ended up more difficult, more trouble.
Anybody, particularly, also got good practice and being as practiced, they started with good
practice and practice comes so good.
But demon of the pleasures, always mess obstacles. They came so naively, so quietly, so sneakily.
They attacked me, attacking, undermining the call of the identity of the precious life, precious
practices.
And then it really throw on the ditch, ditch or throw in the ravine, ravine of the troubles.
Therefore, it is known as demon of the pleasures or distractions. It distracts us.
It distracts you, even not notice it, it distracts you.
Kind of because we're crying so much, we're upset so much, it just goes ahead and then it's even sp
innert arms, it's too late.
That happened. So therefore, it's called demon of the pleasures or demon of the distractions.
So practicing of the Vedic life will remove those troubles, plus all the different kind of unwanted
obstacles comes.
And then it will break practice of the Vedic life, will bring the realization of the Buddha.
And the Vedic life practice is one of the very famous practices in the Tibetan Buddhism, in
particular in the Myanmar schools of the Tibetan Buddhism.
It is one of the 12 practices and in the famous practices, through Vedic life practice, so many
practitioners achieve the highest realization, one after another.
And that is really about the Vedic life, what it means.
And the next one is the great mother, Truma. Truma means, actually say in English, means rock, or
not English, Sanskrit.
Vaidya vadai. So it's Vaidya vadai. As we went all the day, last week, that higher giver and Vaidya
vadai, this is Vaidya vadai. Truma.
And so, by practicing, she will granted, achieve the accomplishment, the slums.
Again accomplishment, there is two accomplishments in the teaching. The ordinary accomplishment,
ultimate accomplishment.
The ordinary accomplishment, it will bring happy and peace, peace and activities, and as well as
overpower our perceptions, and subjugating our ego-clinging and obstacles, and then bring the
realization.
And he is mother of the old Buddhas. Why? As in the Buddha teaching said, in the ultimate level or
in the Dharma kind level, he is no other than Parjapara Mata.
As Buddha often used metaphor, mother of the old Buddhas.
Mother of the old past Buddha, mother of the present Buddha, mother of the future Buddhas.
Or even Buddha mentioned, she has four different children. This mother has four different children.
Children of the Arhatas, children of the Harvakas, her children of the Bodhisattvas, children of
the Buddhas.
All this Harvaka, because of the contract being with mother, they got the achievement of the Harv
aka or Arhatas.
And by practicing close contract with Mother of the Parjapara Mata or the Truma, they got party
Buddhas.
By practicing contract with her, then Bodhisattva was getting realization and they got it, because
she is the mother of all the Bodhisattvas.
By contracting the practices of her and then the Buddha got enlightenment. All Buddhas got
enlightenment.
So therefore, Buddha used, she has four children, or mother of the four children, groups of the
children.
That is what she is. All our realization, understanding comes because of understanding of her head.
And the absolute level, what she is, these two practices.
As we do, Zocchi teaching, we went, Zocchi teaching, two practices is the absolute Mother of the
Parjapara Mata and Mother of the Truma.
Mother of the Parjapara Mata, practicing it.
And then, again, she appeared in the form of the Samdu Gaya, known as the Parjapara Mata, or the Tr
uma.
There are many, many, all five female Buddhas and so forth.
But the essence of what they are, they know that it is embodiment of love compared to the universe.
So by that, you will achieve.
Again, all, well, it should have that is breathing.
And then by also the Truma practices, it is for two practices.
Cutting thoroughly all the obstacles.
Again, as I mentioned other day, the Four Demons are according to two lineage, two practices.
They are similar, but slightly different.
Slightly different with it. They identify or highlight that.
They are all the same. What I said already, the Four Demons and these Four Demons, they are really
the same.
They are nothing big different, but however, Trumunas are different.
And those are Four Demons, are the demon of the tangibles, demon of the untangibles, demon of the
excitement, a demon of the ego cling or clingings.
Those are the Four Demons.
By practicing Ju, Ju is available again cutting thoroughly.
Cutting thoroughly is one of the very famous practices of Tibetan Buddhism.
And they started, of course, we are going to remember some of the teachers and hear that teaching.
They are known as famous, master-known, part Ambasanti.
He bought that teaching, he shared it with the Tibetan practitioners and become there.
And then very famous, but he will start with the emanation of the wisdom of Dakini.
This is Swadya. Swadya is known as Matik Labdum.
She really highlights it, emphasizes it, and then she becomes the big, great, famous Ju masters.
And Pundal of the Ju Meetings, in a way, she found it, which is not something completely new.
It is teaching of the Murappaya Masambhava, or Bodakshat Yamuni, Murappaya Masambhava, and Patambas
anti.
But she highlights that so many become so popular practices in Tibetan, all Tibetan Buddhism.
Not just the one Tibetan, it is all Tibetan teachings.
So this, that teaching, what is again, is known as the union of the Ju teaching.
It is the union, combined essence teachings of the Pandya Paramada, and the Vedayana teaching.
Combined Toganishi, she, and her name is Matik Labdum.
And Muneo, you know that, Swadya famous, famous.
She is living wisdom Dakini came in Tibet, in the center of Tibet, in around, I think, maybe 11th
century, around that time.
She came. So she took that, and the Bodashita.
By cutting those four demons, or by doing that four demons,
and then achieving them, highly accomplished humans, accomplished them.
So that's what it is all said.
And then to activate it, to carry on that, stay on the track all the time,
it is well performed, that help us, it's done, by the Mahakads.
What would you do, Matik?
And all the other demons, follow us. But, prefer those goals, goals for to achieve enlightenment,
or to achieve our enlightenment, our own, and benefit to all the demons, too.
That will be performed by the Mahakali, and as well as the other Mahapalas.
Yes, if you pray strongly here, and naturally will bring true accomplishment naturally,
you don't have to make effort to accomplish a human,
by practicing duchen, and vedya kalaya, and guru yoga, as you are practicing,
and it will bring naturally a accomplishment that will benefit you.
You will benefit to yourself, to the other beings.
Thank you, and naturally will come. It's just easily will come.
And so, naturally add to others, add to yourself,
and simultaneously will come those fulfillment naturally to you.
And that's said, because, of course, by the Monastic Wild Order Book Choo,
Yichirabh Sahib, Om Om Yichirabh Sahib, and also his Yogi.
And he asked, so, for that reason, then I, Yichirabh Yichirabh Sahib,
which made, and I hope, his own digital motif, I said that, may it benefit to you,
and may it benefit to all the beings.
That's completed these teachings, isn't it?
So, that is the entire teaching of this, really, and then,
I will summarize this, what I said.